everybody welcome back to the land
please inviting Weissach after birth
plus got a do greedier you know what
dude if you're going through hell keep
going
give me a Judas greedier I'm happy to
even have the the chance to try qxx -
too late site qxx to see to b3 checkmate
give me five cents please give me five
cents please get a key get into that
item room item room contains HP between
you know toothpicks HP book a Belial
nothing could stop us there's got to be
a penny I refuse to believe there's no
pennies available in seven poops ade
poops no pennies that's insulting they
would treat your fanbase like that
okay I've got eight point seven one
damage we're not gonna step on the
button yes we could be one-hit ko
but actually like with a great rate of
fire and eight point seven one damage we
won't be we're incredibly overpowered
for the first floor except for HP which
admittedly is like a real sore spot I
mean you know Donen always seem to go
you don't know what you got til it's
gone right but I think we may actually
try to be a little cheeky er than usual
here we got a great situation but the
way that we can leverage it for
ourselves is to not go into the the shop
until we're absolutely done with
everything cuz then we only use one
charge of book of Belial instead of
instead of more than that you know
impossibly compromising our ability to
use the charge right away on the next
floor so I mean I'm gonna go out on a
limb and say that I think I'm confident
that we can beat pretty much all these
waves in a timely fashion without really
compromising ourselves too much so let's
just keep keep it going here we should
get a spirit heart after this we got 12
seconds as I see it maybe like 15 cuz
you know boss is oftentimes they spawn
in and they do a little posturing before
they even shoot it's kill Larry jr. get
a spear at heart we didn't get a spear
at heart instead we got another Larry
juniors it's like my personal nightmare
we could choose to forego a deal with
the devil
and just you know bank our resources
from this floor that's a coward's way
out I don't want to go down in the
history books as a guy big B with a
little P you know what I mean so instead
we're gonna fight two bosses
simultaneously that both could murder us
if they touch us once not my dream job
right now
as long as we can keep tabs on both of
them whoa laws we can keep tabs on both
of them we can put them down pretty
quick let's go no Krampus please okay
now that's just offensive I would really
prefer to not use book of Belial here
it's such a head start for the next
floor what a waste
all right well I mean we handled that
floor very easily you want stigmata I
mean you you need stigmata here keep
this ace of clubs not bad not bad
get Necronomicon it's progress towards
bookworm but otherwise basically garbage
ace of clubs turns things into bombs and
jackie treehorn treats objects like
women man so our game plan go down on
the next floor hope for HP sorry tinted
rock hope for HP from one of these
starting rooms we can always buy a key
to start especially if it's three cents
that'd be very nice but HP is still
pretty low there's HP fantastic
we'll probably try to do like more of
the same honestly hey we're not gonna
build a winning run out of just Boca
Belial but it is going well so far we
certainly I mean we've we've had good
times with oh there's something there's
something to this
I see where we're going I see the the
symphony here what we do yeah yeah okay
this is fine save ourselves a half heart
ace of clubs two bombs leave we got
these bombs use these bombs to generate
10 cents or more or five cents that's
all so it's just different variation
we've used sprinkler and sprinklers been
fun it's not what we want here there we
go mr. mega is quite nice as well
pop bookable I'll get ready to go we're
gonna do the same thing we did last time
except this time we actually have the
ability to take damage so it's like a
whole new world we're just gonna save
money cuz this floor sucks to put it
quite succinctly you know speedball plus
the sprinkler sprinkler is a good item I
don't think it's any book of belial
though we're gonna hope for maybe a deal
with the angel I guess like well that
was I actually physically flinched in
real life and some of you out there in
TV land might have as well I don't blame
you it's a scary situation I'm sorry to
have put us in a situation where that
had the chance to perspire
excuse me
so outside of the deal with the devil
this this floor is trash city aka what
city am I gonna make fun of today
Edmonton Alberta look I know many of you
out there might be from but you can take
it you got McDavid Leon draisaitl Cuyler
Yamamoto
Darnell nurse you know you need to be
punched up a little bit I see you
punching a Calgary as well for their
arena woes look I'll make fun of Calgary
all day long it's good-natured fun but
still I'm glad somebody's holding out
for uh you know equitable arena
transactionally this is Canadian hockey
politics you wouldn't understand
America slash all of the rest of the
world more or less because you're not as
privy to the issue specifically not
because of any lack of intellectual
capacity Potts going down easy here
got one more fight before the deal with
the devil this run's looking like it
could be fast the only thing is like we
need more things to buy cuz what's the
point having you know a lot of money
there's nothing to spend it on doesn't
really provide us with security if we
can't use it to buy basically at this
point things that really up our DPS is
that is the most important deal with the
angel holy water but you know what we're
still gonna fight and the reason is
because it's gonna give us more
opportunities in the future to get deals
with the angel and I want to we got so
many deal with the angel items to
potentially knock off the bucket list
here like anything that ups our
advantage there I think is fine do we
have three cent keys are they five cent
keys they're five cent keys so we're out
the good news is great head start for
the next floor full book a Belial charge
that by itself is worth something then
on top of that you can definitely buy a
key in an item we might be able to buy
two items if we get some money right off
the bat but that floor a little stinky
might as well take it it's more HP we
could if we get a sun card this becomes
even more valuable
probably just repeat of the last floor
here try this 10 cents or more please I
will say the secret rooms over time
probably pay for themselves now do we
want the luck upgrade or do we want just
the key I really think we will hunt just
the key we don't really like the 9-volt
either like where's my reroll machines
dude it's bookworm at least that's a
minor improvement I'm gonna go check the
special room the cursed room it's where
we found our second secret room got
three keys so I'm really glad we didn't
pay 15 cents now think to be honest too
I might just go one more floor buying
nothing and you're gonna like NL I'm
falling asleep it's the most boring run
of all time
look it's things that make fiscal sense
sometimes are boring but we'll be
falling out and drinking mojitos on the
coast of Key Largo
soon okay because I know one day we're
gonna find a floor and the floor is
gonna have amazing items that we want to
purchase or it's gonna have the means to
find amazing items by way of a reroll
machine as of right now they're giving
us nickels they're giving us dimes
they're giving us nothing to spend it on
what am I saying in a bind nine-volt we
don't need it we just don't need it
we're only using one book of belial
charge per floor right now they're
giving us you know latchkey pay five
cents for a key five cents for a spear
at heart of five cents for what a lock
upgrade who cares
we don't have gimpy we can always go
back and get it if we get something like
that here but our from that we're just
kind of riding it out so I think we just
spend another floor what it comes down
to is that I mean the reroll is quite
good as well but when it comes down to
is I refuse to spend our money on
garbage because I believe that there are
dreams coming around the corner that's
the spectrum the items run from garbage
to dreams and we're full on garbage City
right now my apologies to add me too you
can gain solace in the fact you're gonna
style on us with Connor McDavid like
seven times a year for the next 20 years
probably let me let me get in my cheap
shots now
I don't like fighting two enemies at
once Aereo
problem solved okay so we just again
deal with the angel would be nice we got
a better chance of a deal with the angel
or do we have a hundred percent chance
because it right now this is sixty two
point five you know what I bet it says a
hundred or rather 37.5 sixty two point
five once we actually press the button
that gives us the the deal with the
devil wave dude don't let this trick you
like our stats are great I don't know
why monstro - now is 20 times more HP
than they used to he ain't so bad ok
finally deal with the devil we got a
hundred and sixty two point five percent
so this makes me feel bad because on a
recent run I added up the deal with the
devil and the deal with the angel
percentage and said why do we have a
hundred and forty percent chance of
getting a deal and I realized now that
the top number just represents our odds
of getting a deal in general and the
bottom number represents our odds of it
being the angel deal specifically so now
I feel like an idiot especially because
I made that mistake you know five days
ago only now got the chance to notice
not my not my finest moment but a you
know it's better to know that you made a
mistake don't send me steam msgs Daniel
that one just said copper I don't know
what that means he's probably referring
to smash hit any game cup head but who
knows in today's modern era
so why am i doing this not actually
gonna take the second key piece I think
this is a good opportunity to use
perthro we're not fighting mega satan in
greed mode anyway dude I'm mad tempted
to use book of Belial I'm not gonna but
there is a case for it because we could
fight an enemy in the room on which we
leave this floor and then we only got to
do like one full wave before we can
actually start or not even one full wave
just wait for the second wave to spawn
after pushing the button and all of a
sudden we got hook of Belial back and
probably like have the amount of time we
spend here but I'm gonna use per throw
here and we are we're geniuses cuz that
just is amazing so yeah that's like
without book of Belial now we have
thirteen point six seven damage it also
healed us fully so it turns out that low
percentage play worked out real nice
leave for us so head downwards please
through the gaping stoma do the gaping
stoma grandma momo did shears an actual
amazing item capable of making me forget
about the fact that we have book of
Belial which has been great shears is
just especially the BFF we have to there
was a time where we might not have had
to but we have to that's too good that's
very good as well I don't think we need
to reroll our stats yet you know we've
been saving up for floors poki go is
garbage here in green mode everything
else is unnecessary so I think we just
go check this out first see what we get
in black heart and bookable i'll you've
been lovely
sincerely instead though the shears are
so good and now it would have been good
to have had nine volt but so be it
the shears are so good because with BFF
they do an incredible amount of damage
we can also stack up multiple charges
less relevant for something like the
ultra greed fight but more relevant for
the waves
we actually gain something out of the
extra charges were earning now remember
we don't actually have a lot more
donations to make to our donation
machine so you feel free to spend to the
limit basically even if we can donate 5
cents every little thing is gonna be
alright I think we don't use the third
charge it would be nice to get car
battery just to emphasize this cuz like
dude car battery would be insanely good
for helping us beat ultra greed as well
because we're we're gonna keep it super
armored activated it like all times but
I still think it's worth it
we're like battery baby it's charged
penny in this game or is it an anti
birth I can't remember made quite a lot
of money on this floor mr. Fred survived
for about a quarter of a second and
actually blood of the martyr is fine
alright so let's try to create some good
stuff pay to play is not worth it we
don't need range what am I an actor
blood clot we don't need it is the thing
we'll probably spending way too much
money on these rerolls but okay I mean
that wins then we should just go spend
way too much money on rerolls but we got
a full health out of it which is
essentially like idiot proofing the the
final boss fights here so I'm pretty
confident that we are gonna just
absolutely survive I was gonna say
Poupon in hindsight I don't think that's
necessarily guaranteed triple shot is
debatable I will take it as I like it
but I'm taking it like cognizant with
the knowledge that it's probably not a
great selection for us but I'm gonna do
it anyway because I am an idiot
basically so do we have a bomb for sale
we do nots
how ironic I think that it take the
tears upgrade seems disproportionately
useful right now battery baby
specifically what we asked for
and taro cloth okay I mean taro cloth is
not good with the Sun necessarily but
you got a you got to give credit where
credit is due
are we gonna hold two cards that's right
okay so we should have taken the lovers
with us right so basically we're just
looking for random batteries or even
random battery charges full batteries
are better but and the big problem with
triple-shot is the tears down so the
fact that we were able to compensate for
it real quickly is is a big thing for us
plus all of the good items were
half-price
his shots are like they're too on point
man it's like he knows what we're doing
all right so this wave is done I think
we should probably start to think about
saving soon any money we can donate is
worth it it's a bit of a weird play but
we could always make like a third cheers
as soon as we press this button and then
pick this up it's not like we're gonna
fight Krampus again so consider this
that bad it's fine I can't even blow
that up let's save for now I mean I'm
not trying to rush through the run make
it like it so it finishes too quickly
but just nothing that interesting right
here where's our secret room didn't we
have x-ray goggles or am I losing it I
might be losing it oh no we got him we
got him look at you look at you good
also decent so we got like one more
floor and then the greed fight we might
want to slow our roll just make sure
that we're coming through in the clutch
here we got a secret room not very good
right now
dude they don't make guppy items anymore
apparently really wanted to hit that
tinted rock got a little unlucky um the
thing is like rotten baby is so nice
genius Ron babies like such a good item
for us gives us especially with 18
damage the Flies would be outrageous
if you're wondering if this is gonna be
a short episode it seems like the answer
is probably gonna be on the side of yes
songs on the side of yes by Stevie
Wonder unfortunately that's the way the
cookie crumbles on this one however
don't forget it's the last Judas
greedier mode run ever get like a huge
leap up on the competition thanks to
that book of Belial mind you have you
ever get hit once you die so I'm still
like I was really bad
still pretty proud of the way this is
going but certainly it wasn't guaranteed
the whole time I'm a little worried
about the ultra greed fight mostly like
what happens Skol exes
yeah pseudo stole axes mostly what
happens if we can't see our HP like
right now but like I'm taking a few hits
here if I died right now I would
probably stop playing Isaac for the rest
of my natural life in my artificial life
who knows what happens
I just don't know what our HP looks low
this little dicey there okay okay okay
do we really would want nothing else I
think we can afford a seven cent mr.
right there take a little extra HP as
well just so we you know we've got a
head start on using the Sun usually you
get a little extra for fighting you know
greed to begin with we're if nearly full
HP so not too bad and but not too bad I
mean like as close as possible to live
to full we might be able to reach peak
donation here so what's like the 10 out
of 10 strategy for winning this round
right now it's very simple get more
batteries that's exactly if the more
batteries we can get the faster this
fight will go as of right now we're
still kind of subject to the whim of you
know the super armor it's doing some
damage I wouldn't say it's doing a ton
but it's not disrespectful you know
they're trying but if we really I think
we'll still reap the benefits of like an
economy of scale if we can get more and
more batteries there so I'd say you know
probably call it as like roughly a
quarter way done here we have taken some
hits but you know that's what the Sun
card is there for to them Becky said
mash uncon you know that's not really a
good Bruce Springsteen baby little bone
that's a little bit better
sorry brute good in the day we sweat it
out on the streets of the
and dream I don't my every classic rock
impression is just mumbling
Springsteen's not a mumbler dude he's
got a he's got a message and he's
getting it out there most of the time
you know he's all about hiding on the
back streets there was a period it's
like a six month period where any time
anyone would mentioned Bruce Springsteen
had like yo but I know he's easy to
caricature but you gotta listen to
1975's classic album Born to Run it's
not just Thunder Road and born - what
runs got some all-time bangers tend to
have a new freeze that's pretty good on
the back streets it's just called back
streets it's amazing jungle land is like
one of the best classic rock songs in
all time referenced in that infamous
louis c.k bid on Conan seven tracks of
magic dude okay you can't just stand
still when he shoots two shots at you
anymore that's that's a young man's
luxury please we're gonna win but it's
going to be a little more touchy than it
probably should be the dude if you want
to give me like lights out basically on
Lou's Abul altra greed fights please do
if I don't there's no need to ever get
good at this fight if we can always just
have you know a taro cloth son card
although I guess the taro cloth son card
is not really too too valuable here you
can't get full HP you know twice you
could with two son cards now we're
talking
I was looking a little scary there for a
second - I took some damage I'm not
proud of oh my god you got it it's a
very simple thing to learn don't stand
right under it
he's done he's done
okay we got money do we have enough to
hit max got aya blah dude that's like
the best item we've unlocked in forever
so we're gonna we're gonna send this
reroll machine over 999 s coming up 1%
chance of breaking come on if only
everyone was as generous as you are and
seen you unlock the keeper whoo thanks
for all the money I can't do anything
with the fireworks man beautiful thanks
for watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
we'll probably do a keeper run next you
did click the like button upside a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time